Update repositories-recommendations.md (#1428)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/repositories-recommendations.md

## Sharing large datasets on the Hub

> One key way Hugging Face supports the machine learning ecosystem is by hosting datasets on the Hub, including very large ones. However, if your dataset is bigger than 300GBs, you will need to ask us to grant more storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One key way Hugging Face supports the machine learning ecosystem is by hosting datasets on the Hub, including very large ones. However, if your dataset is bigger than 300GB, you will need to ask us to grant more storage.
```

> One key way in which Hugging Face supports the machine learning ecosystem is by hosting datasets on the Hub, including very large datasets. However if your dataset is bigger than 300GBs you will need to ask us to grant more storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One key way Hugging Face supports the machine learning ecosystem is by hosting datasets on the Hub, including very large ones. However, if your dataset is bigger than 300GBs, you will need to ask us to grant more storage.
```

> In this case, to ensure we can effectively support the open-source ecosystem, we require you to let us know via datasets at huggingface.co.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, to ensure we can effectively support the open-source ecosystem, we require you to let us know via datasets@huggingface.co.
```

be consitent with the paragraph above

> In this case and to ensure we can effectively support the open-source ecosystem, we require you to let us know via datasets at huggingface.co.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, to ensure we can effectively support the open-source ecosystem, we require you to let us know via datasets at huggingface.co.
```
